hey guys this is like over 12 and
renewing another view this time on the
lego star wars 2010 clone turbo tape is
a brand-new set for me I got it
yesterday it was a hundred and twenty
dollars at toys r us and it is set
number 80 98 recommended for children of
the ages nine to 14 and has 1141 pieces
if you get to thinking about us a lot of
pieces and a lot of time it took me
about five hours and you've got some
really good minifigures get them out to
clone troopers everybody sing a clone
trooper Sokka Anakin and these two
minifigures right here I'm really
wanting to show you this is a law Sakura
Ryan New Jedi her headpiece does come
off and it is really good very detailed
Lego didn't really your job one on her
put it back and front torso and nope
plain legs one arm is brown and one is
blue blue light same with a chrome hilt
yeah reason why I'm not showing you the
other characters or because they've been
in other sets and there's nothing
special about those characters and
there's just not only that a lot much
just tell you show you about them here's
CAD Bane he's really detailed yeah I hey
like scuba gear mask but it's really
helping breathe and he has his face has
a little bit of right
grey therefore supposed to be like
helping reading stuff printed front
torso really nice playing back he has
this big a hat really digging at it kind
of had this face really well as the
regular clone commando clone commander
flashers so those are the minifigures
and you also you open up the sides by
lifting up these pieces slide it out you
get a command center command center with
printed pieces right here they're not
stickers and put it back well i'm going
to show you you could put some people in
here but it would be really hard I mean
well you wouldn't be able to put this
and the clone Walker in there but you
could say a couple of people in there on
I bet so thank you and I have no idea
these are by the way I have no idea if
they do and what they are so turning it
around
pull this little piece up out slides
Walker yeah it is really really good I
like it it's really nice the gun or
change all the way around up and down
nice one person can fit in it and right
here
slide it down and pull out a gun rack it
has to blaster rifle into your regular
blasters plaster
ok
this is a really detailed and okay in
the front this is the front on our
people think of it as at the back and
this being the front well you're wrong
this is the fine and this is the back as
you can see an episode 3 revenge of the
sith one on the battle of cash eat they
start they have a couple he's rolling in
their own in this way this is the front
okay so on the hunt you have I guess
even supposed to be the windows like
where you can see it with the clones
inside can see up you also have like
this little satellite the top to move
back and forth you have these girls that
go up and down you can't put like cool
lights on the side so you can pull the
sides out lift this up just down you
have two seats in there
seat right right here right here
finishing shows right here okay say I
turn it up here too and you have a
handle which is really nice to have on
all your big sets you want to handle
because it just really helps when you're
trying to carry it someone you also have
another spot back here for a clown she
rested on rotates and it goes up down
really nice these can open open up but
they're not really supposed well they
have no use to look cool and this does
open up but it has no use as well just
looking cool and need back you have more
lights oh yeah there's no what guns on
the bottom lift this up you have two
more seats and some work controls so
yeah it's a really good set
and so yeah it's really really good I
highly recommend all of y'all gettin it
save up all your money one hundred
twenty dollars pretty pricey but it's
really really great thanks for watching
please rate comment and subscribe and
goodbye